Terms of Service ("Terms")

Last updated: January 15, 2017

Please read these Terms of Service ("Terms", "Terms of Service") carefully before using the https://john3825.github.io/ website (the "Service") operated by John3825 ("us", "we", or "our").

Your access to and use of the Service is conditioned on your acceptance of and compliance with these Terms. These Terms apply to all visitors, users and others who access or use the Service.

By accessing or using the Service you agree to be bound by these Terms. If you disagree with any part of the terms then you may not access the Service.

Links To Other Web Sites

Our Service may contain links to third-party web sites or services that are not owned or controlled by John3825.

John3825 has no control over, and assumes no responsibility for, the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third party web sites or services. You further acknowledge and agree that John3825 shall not be responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for any damage or loss caused or alleged to be caused by or in connection with use of or reliance on any such content, goods or services available on or through any such web sites or services.

We strongly advise you to read the terms and conditions and privacy policies of any third-party web sites or services that you visit.

Copyright

John3825 may offer or sell Physical products, Digital products, Digital services, Subscription services such as  mobile apps or  SaaS apps.

The content (logo, visual design etc.) and trademarks is our exclusive property and protected by Unied States and international copywritght laws and not permitted to use without the permission from John3825 at any conditions.

All the copyright infringements are prohibited and claims to the infringements may be made to  John3825 by email.

Liability

John3825 offers limited liability by providing the application on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" and Do Not Have Any Responsibility Nor Liability Covered with any actions taken by the end users. In case, the criminal case occurs, John3825 has nothing to do with the criminal case, actions, liabilities, Nor criminal charges. All the actions taken are under the responsibilities of the end users and Not the program, organization, Nor the author. 
( No hate crimes, no racisms, no nukes, nor anything related criminals. Thank the end users for the understandings. John3825 appreciates the end users for the cooperation with all the matters. )

All the illegal activities related to the application are prohibited and are subject to be prosecuted by the law and may be monitored by the law enforcements.

Termination

We may terminate or suspend access to our Service immediately, without prior notice or liability, for any reason whatsoever, including without limitation if you breach the Terms.

All provisions of the Terms which by their nature should survive termination shall survive termination, including, without limitation, ownership provisions, warranty disclaimers, indemnity and limitations of liability.

Governing Law

These Terms shall be governed and construed in accordance with the laws of California , without regard to its conflict of law provisions.

Our failure to enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not be considered a waiver of those rights. If any provision of these Terms is held to be invalid or unenforceable by a court, the remaining provisions of these Terms will remain in effect. These Terms constitute the entire agreement between us regarding our Service, and supersede and replace any prior agreements we might have between us regarding the Service.

Export regulations

You must comply with all the export and re-export restrictions and regulations of United States and the Department of Commerce, and the naiton of the end user. John3825 offers the licensing the application as a “Commercial Item” as U.S. Code of Federal Regulations (see 48 C.F.R. § 2.101).
Any use of the application are prohibited in the nations with the United States embargos or sanctions in force. John3825, the author do not offer anything to risk for the people of the naitons in conflicts or in torubles with the United States.

Changes

We reserve the right, at our sole discretion, to modify or replace these Terms at any time. If a revision is material we will try to provide at least 30 days notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.

By continuing to access or use our Service after those revisions become effective, you agree to be bound by the revised terms. If you do not agree to the new terms, please stop using the Service.

Contact Us

If you have any questions about these Terms, please contact us.